DOC Review documentation for common errors (#188)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/00_Getting_Started/02_Composer.md

Composer can create a new site for you, using the installer as a template. By default it will download the latest stable
version:

```bash
composer create-project silverstripe/installer my-project
```

[hint]
With the above command, `my-project` is the path (relative to your current working directory) where composer will create the project.

> For example, on OS X, you might want to create a project as a subdirectory of `~/Sites`. You could do that by running `cd ~/Sites` before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, on OSX, you might want to create a project as a sub-directory of `~/Sites`. You could do that by running `cd ~/Sites` before
```

Reviewer 2: Done

## Composer managed modules, Git and .gitignore

> Modules and themes managed by Composer should not be committed with your project's source code. Silverstripe CMS recipes ship with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modules and themes managed by Composer should not be committed with your projects source code. Silverstripe CMS recipes ship with
```
I don't think it should have an apostrophe here?

Reviewer 2: The project owns the source code.

Reviewer 3: Either _project's_ or _projects'_, depending if it's one project or multiple, but either way with an apostrophe as it's a possessive.
